Hello everyone and welcome to a brief lecture on the course curriculum in this lecture I'm going to
be giving you just a bird's eye view of all the sections in this course.
Well first start off by completing this section of the Course the course introduction section by talking
about briefly what is data science and then give me the link for the course frequently asked questions
.
After that we'll talk about the Course best practices and learn the best way to approach this course
Things such as how to get help in this course and then we'll discuss installation setup for this course
.
And there's different sections for Windows users Mac users or Linux users.
After that we'll finally get started if our programming by starting with the basics we'll learn about
vectors matrices data frames and lists in our That will move on to topics such as data input and output
in our will learn how to read a variety of file formats such as CS VI Excel sequel and even Web scraping
of our.
Then we'll get started by learning about actual programming with our things such as logical operators
.
If Elsin else's statements while loops for loops and how to create functions.
If you're already familiar with those ideas from another programming language you can just quickly reference
the notebooks to grab the syntax.
If you're completely new to computer programming will go over these topics step by step for you in the
video lectures then will move on to data visualization.
In this section of the Course learn how to create interactive visualizations and static visualizations
when you plot to wonder what those topics will have.
Capstone projects a data visualization final project and then a capstone data project that will move
onto the second half of the course which covers all the machine learning topics and will have an introduction
to machine learning with our lecturer that will give an overview of that section of the course.
All right.
That was a very brief discussion of the course curriculum.
If you want the full curriculum you can always just check the course landing page.
Thanks everyone and let's go ahead and get started.
For the rest of the course